# Character Based text generation

Implementation of character based text generator, shallow model using
recurrent neural network. We have trained our model on a
[Shakespeare play](
'https://storage.googleapis.com/download.tensorflow.org/data/shakespeare.txt').

    First Citizen:
    Before we proceed any further, hear me speak.

    All:
    Speak, speak.

    First Citizen:
    You are all resolved rather to die than to famish?

    All:
    Resolved. resolved.

    First Citizen:
    First, you know Caius Marcius is chief enemy to the people.

    All:
    We know't, we know't.
    ...

## 1.Examples :
A typical use is to train the model and then generate text of $N$
characters

    python main.py "Starting Text" -n_generate N -download True
    
 If the data is already downloaded, run
    
    python main.py "Starting Text" -n_generate N
    
     
 The evolution of the training can be followed via tensorboard, by
running

    %tensorboard --logdir {PATH_to_log_dir}
  
## 2.Results :
We present the text generated by the model after 15 epochs, and using
"Romeo: " as initial text:

    Romeo: ngoulane grs to heniruboow s at'I sld'ILe wigeioders.
    I che w plll IUS: acho ashetou.

    AUMad y! hiem plll wavee t, ps es! wis y hes suthe g wallepply, nountuse here flallala w, posthou: d n: emis d
    Sche orous whe arer, Cineco t
    Youcotiatadghe t ghithatoum'tis ast tat ck!

    LUSphererves s

    Whalus 'd he d ly
    COr: mer t!
    ...
     
     
Note that the model was trained with no prior knowledge about english
language. Even if the model doesn't produce english vocabulary, it
preserves in some sense the syntax of the language, note for examples
the Uppercase in the beginning of the sentences. It also preserves the
form on which a play is written.

## 3.Requirements :
* PyTorch
* Numpy
* Tensorboard
    
